[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a dystopian
superhero film the darkest minds
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
on a distant future day in the united
states a young girl suddenly dies in a
school cafeteria
due to a highly contagious disease which
has nearly killed ninety percent of the
children and teenagers across the
country
the survivors however are mutated with
unusual abilities
the president tries to convince the
panicking public never to lose their
faith in the government's treatment
program
by showing a successful example of his
son clancy who's also one of the
infected
but has been cured later after joining
the treatment program
the little girl daily is also one of
those survivors
she has just experienced a happy
birthday with her parents
but later that night her superpower
happens to be activated
when she holds her sleeping mom's hand
causing her mom to lose memories about
her
because of that the mom treats daily as
a total stranger the next morning
pushing her outside the house and
calling the treatment center
moments later the desperate daily is
taken to a treatment camp
where all the survivors mutated with
superpowers are imprisoned and receive
forcible treatments from the government
later in the infirmary daily is taken
for a so-called superpower evaluation
a process which is purported to classify
the infected survivors into five groups
green blue yellow red and orange
corresponding to their different
superpowers as well as the danger levels
green means advanced intelligence blue
is for telekinetic abilities that could
control objects
with the mind yellow shows the
capability of manipulating electricity
red indicates the destructive power with
high temperature flames
orange is able to mind reading and
control
red and orange are rare among the
survivors though they are treated
extremely dangerous by the government
and supposed to be killed instantly
while the other three groups stay
basically safe
because the government can easily take
control of them
after the evaluation daily is classified
orange unfortunately
and the doctor is about to report to the
management however
daily uses her mind control power to
makes her test result changed green
in the following six years daly behaves
carefully under the green tag
everything goes as expected until sunday
where unique behaviors draw the
attention of a soldier
those kids are later brought to a white
noise test that only the supers can hear
and suffer different injuries
corresponding to their power levels
daily is knocked out by the noise while
waking up the next day
she only finds herself tied to the bed
firmly
a female doctor tells her the military
has discovered her real power
classification
but she is willing to help daley to
escape
later with a key left by the doctor
daley frees herself
and finds a designated place to hide
after that the doctor takes daley out in
disguise of her colleague
however they get stopped by a soldier
who insists on checking daley's id
daley uses her power again to help them
escape the heavily guarded camp finally
bailly is happy to see the outside world
for the first time
after six years of imprisonment in the
camp though it is desolate due to the
virus outbreak
the doctor gives daily a tracking
necklace that can signal her location
when she's in danger she decides to send
daily to the children's league
a resistance group that is founded to
rescue the supers from the government
they come all the way to an abandoned
gas station where they meet the doctor's
contact
a league member however upon touching
the guy by accident
daley is astonished to see his memories
of capturing those supers
who tried to run away she raises her
suspicion over the guy
tries to stay calm before them while
inside the grocery
she encounters a little girl called sue
a yellow super who is searching for food
there
daley follows sue to a van and to let
her in
sue hides daily in the van and leaves
together with her two other friends
liam a blue and charles agree
on the run they are soon chased after
tightly by the bounty hunter
right at that time the doctor follows up
and tries to prevent the bounty hunter
from catching them
liam stops all the chasers by dragging
their cars off the road
later trying not to make trouble among
those three bailey lies to them that
she's rated green
the other three accept daily to join
their journey to find easter river
which is believed to be a paradise to
those runaway super kids
liam tells daily the children's league
only wants to take advantage of the
supers
to win its battle against the government
and he doesn't want to join the massacre
that night daley reads sue's mind by
accident and knows that liam has ever
saved sue and many other enslaved supers
out of the camp
the next morning daley takes a beautiful
red dress given by tsu
and almost crushes liam's hormones while
the two are cleaning the van
two bounty hunters approach near however
before making any attack the hundreds
just are forced to walk away
and vanish in their car soon liam feels
a little bit surprised by billy's
strange behaviors
later that night the four sneak inside
an abandoned mall
to fetch some supplies where they cross
paths with a group of blue supers
who attacked them first but later are
overpowered by sue with her electricity
power
it turns out the blue supers are not the
hunters and they allow the four to stay
inside the mall overnight
they seem to know some clues about
easter river's location but are
unwilling to share with the four
daily however manages to hack into their
mind and find a mysterious code edo
which is believed to be a radio
frequency with that born in mind
they successfully find the east river
locates in lake prince virginia
before their departure for the east
river haley asked to drop her off near
her home in virginia
hoping to reconcile with her parents but
to no avail
because she had erased herself entirely
from her parents memories six years ago
she chooses to leave in tears without
even knocking on the door
on her way back to the van a bounty
hunter who has taken control of jew and
charles
ambushes them and knocks liam down
without any choice
daley uses her power to control the
bounty hunter's mind
forcing her to drop her weapons and walk
towards the woods
realizing that she can't cover her real
identity anymore
daley has to apologize to her friends to
her surprise
charles tells her that he figured out
her power some time ago
not long after that the four arrive at
the easter river
and meet with a leader who turns out to
be clancy
the son of the president and the only
remaining orange super besides daily
while enjoying a party later that night
daley has her first taste of freedom
from supers of different groups
and the taste of hormone flavor from the
man liam
the next morning clancy confines to
daily his horrible past being tested
like a lab rat
and the biggest lie the government has
ever made to the public that the kids
sent to the camp
are taken from military experiments only
rather than for treatment
clancy offers to teach daily how to
control her power
daley manages her power better than
before and reveals her memory erasing
ability to clancy
who is eager to learn while searching in
her mind for how to erase memories
clancy tries to control and kiss daily
against her will
daley tells liam the humiliation
suffered from clancy
and persuades liam to leave such a
dangerous place with the other two
friends
however they are soon stopped by the
coming soldiers
clancy shows up and reveals that he has
imprisoned the president
and controls the army he's ambitious to
be the leader of all supers
and needs daley's help to rule the world
in a joint effort with zoo daley defeats
the normal soldiers easily
however the army soon sends a group of
red supers to join the battle
who can blow fire out of their mouth
like the fire dragons
and thanks to their blow job the base is
instantly turned into a burning hell
under clancy's control all the kids stop
running but kneel on the ground
daley tries to make the soldiers shoot
it clancy but to no success
for clancy seems more powerful than her
and takes edge over her during the
fierce battle
while clancy is trying to wipe her
memories out daley struggles
and manages to make the pilot fly a
helicopter towards clancy
allowing her a mere chance to escape
from his mind control
the next second a massive explosion
occurs behind
charles pushes her away but gets
severely burned by the fire
daley presses the emergency button on
the tracker hoping to find some help
from the children's league
the next morning doctor comes for help
with the children's league
who just want to use her power to resist
the government
daley promises to join the league in
exchange for the freedom of liam
knowing that liam will never leave
without her daley gives him a deep horny
kiss
before erasing all his memories of her
after that
she sees off such a hormone loaded but
memory empty guy
with her cherished key chain attached to
his back bag
elsewhere after surviving the air crash
clancy summons his
army in the name of the president and
makes them ready for the subsequent
attacks
while on the other side bailly is
surrounded by the supers of the league
determined to fight for their new future
this is daniel cc movie channel bye